[Music]
hey guys I'm be teaching you a trick
that I just found out about a little
while ago on Virtual DJ arm if you've
ever seen real DJ's on doing their
scratching they usually use the cross
fader to the user cross fader and they
scratch at the same time just so they
can hear the just so they don't hear the
backwards mixing because it just sounds
sloppy when you do that um so like let's
say I don't want to hear this but I want
to I want to mix I want to scratch them
um I found out a shortcut to make it so
it mutes when you go backwards and it
plays when you go forwards so you can do
something like this and then put both
techniques together to make cool
scratching noises so um instead of
having to go forwards and change the
cross fader to the opposite side and
then go backwards you can keep it on in
the middle and it'll go forwards and
then I'll mute and then your words again
and mute and so how you do this is by
going to the top right and clicking on
configuration and click on the mapper
mappers section and then you're going to
go click on add new to add new button
which is a plus sign green plus sign and
you're going to type in smart okay smart
underscore scratch and you can set that
to whatever key you want mine is
currently at s and so then you click on
OK I'm not gonna click on OK though so
you just click on OK and whenever you
want to do that just press M so I'm
gonna so I don't have it on right now
like this they don't sound like this
when I turn it on and I'm a cool little
technique it would be something doing
something like this yeah so um I hope
you like this technique it should help
you with your scratching if you're going
to do any with Virtual DJ and if you
have no no clue what I'm talking about
and if you have no idea what the
software is it's called Virtual DJ it's
you can get a free 30 day trial of it by
going to Virtual DJ calm and it's pretty
cheap product to buy so just go to their
site and try it out it's so is great to
have a new DJ around and um also I'm
recording this in HD if you don't know
how to do that just download Camtasia 6
it's a really good program because this
is in high definition right now and it's
pretty amazing um so I hope this video
helped keep on practicing and I hope you
enjoy teaching